Project Specification

CSCI 4300: Web Programming
Team DogByte
Dionte Mays, Tiffany Chong, Ryan Reynolds, Michael Keeton

Term Project Introduction

The name of our term project is UGA Showcase Starter. For this project, we are going to create a webpage that will be used for connecting people who are interested in working on different kinds of projects, such as movies, games, music, etc. The goal is to encourage them to form teams and collaborate together on projects, especially if they are just starting out in whatever field they are interested in. Also, the page can be good for future careers, since it is an easy reference for their portfolios or resumes.

The website will be similar in concept to LinkedIn, but it will be specifically catered towards University of Georgia students – because of this, there will be a number of differences when creating a profile for our site as well:

Users will need the following:
o	A username
o	For contact purposes:
	Their full name
	A working email (UGA email strongly recommended)
	Phone number (optional, but strongly recommended)
	Location (same as phone number – can be their dorm address or home address) 
o	Age / Current Year 
o	Major (very important)
o	And their experience, which can include:
	Their classes they are taking/have taken
	Past projects they have worked on (and, if possible, links to them)
	Other things, such as hobbies, links to webpages they have created, or even personal links if they want to allow others to see them

Lastly, users should upload a photo of themselves or at least a personalized avatar, though this is also optional.

On our website, users will be able to create their own profiles, listing several of the points from above. After that, they would be able to create an additional subpage explaining what project they would like collaboration on, which would link back to their own profiles. These pages would go into detail about what the project leaders are looking for and the estimated workload and timelines. They could also give rates of payment or compensation. There will be a search function with a tagging system to help find these projects.

As mentioned before, when the page is created by a user, a link back to their profile is created along with it. This allows viewers to also get an idea of the people they could potentially be working with. 

There will also be a comments area for discussions and updates on these project pages. However, if users would like to get in contact with one another privately, they could set comments to private so that only the original project creator(s) will be able see them.

If a user sees a collaboration page and would like to apply, they can click the APPLY button. This would lead to a formatted page for stating official interest in the project. However, the comments section would be useful for more casual inquiries or expressions of interest. If they have more questions, they can also private message the user who created the page, or email them.

Once a collaboration is complete, or if it is inactive for a certain number of months (pending number), the project will expire, and the APPLY button will not unavailable. The entire page will turn grey as well to indicate its inactivity or completion.
